They did it, family, they finally
broke it.  They destroyed a
happy, handsome, attractive man.  And I'm not
talking about me, I'm talking about Justin Bieber, and he's
completely lost his mind.
What's up, family?  How are you?
Welcome to the channel once again.  In this
video, I'm going to give you a little update on the
situation and everything that's happening with
Justin Bieber.  And in the last few
hours, he's blown up
social media with a live Instagram post by
Superlco, in which many people
speculate that he's on drugs.  It will be, it won't
be.  We see it below.  Don't
forget that we're here every day
uploading videos, live streams, and
doing a ton of things.  So if
you like and are interested in what I do, it's very
important that you subscribe
so you don't miss anything.  If my
numbers are correct, I've been
dealing with the whole Path Daddy thing
and everything that goes with it for about a year now.  As you already
know, in this heated controversy that will
soon have a new
outcome, one of the most
important protagonists of the story is
Justin Bieber himself, who has been
deeply involved in the story of the
accused rapper, who, by the way, we will
have him very soon.  We'll be keeping a
close eye on what
happens.  Since then we have seen a
Justin Bieber who has been
occasionally trying to vent through
his social networks and many indirectly
or directly I think we have understood
his feelings or at least I think we have not been
wrong in recent days
precisely with everything that has
exploded with Haley, with
Selenas fans, that documentary that went
viral, that you have several videos on the
channel talking about that subject, Justin has
been very active on social networks and
especially in the last few hours he has gone
viral because
several clips of him have gone viral, excuse the redundancy,
from a live show he did on his
[Music]
Instagram account.  Look, I'm not going to lie to you.
When I was suddenly browsing
Twitter and came across that clip,
the same thing immediately came to mind
as yours.  We've
lost it again.  And you can't deny that he
seems to be very high on drugs.  People
quickly began to speculate that he
had smuggled meth, cocaine, heroin,
crack, and even fentanyl.  But
honestly, I have my doubts after
watching the rest of the clips and even the
full live show that I just
watched.  In fact, one thing that
really bothered me, well, it really
bothered me, was that Selena Gomez's fans
were sort of celebrating something, as if
saying that Justin was in a mess
because he realized what he had
lost.  I mean, very crazy, very crazy
about Selena Gomez fans.  Hey,
they're giving me a hard time in the
comments section of the videos I've posted
on the subject, and I really think
they're completely
, like, more
resentful than Selena herself.  But hey
, I'm not going to put my hand in
the fire for anyone either.  I mean, I think
maybe he even did a joint,
but watching the whole live show, I think it was
hard drugs, eh, I don't think so,
honestly.
[Music]
my
Yes, it's true, as I told you
just a minute ago, that when you
suddenly find the first clip of a guy there without a
shirt making weird faces and dancing
with those movements, well, the
first thing that comes to your mind is
that he's in [ __ ], right?  But
analyzing the entire live show carefully and
when the camera turns, we can see that he
is in his studio producing music.
As we see in front of him, he has his
laptop with which he is producing a
track and composing songs that he is
supposed to release soon.  You
can see that at times he seems to
be very high, at
other times he looks like he doesn't like
what he's listening to because
something doesn't fit.  And I think
he's basically trying out tracks to see how they
fit.
[Music]
In fact, we can see that on some
occasions during the live show he even
speaks with a normal voice, vocalizing
better than me, although well, of course, for
that it's not very complicated either, right?  There are
people who are very high, who vocalize
better than me, but well, imagine that
the case is different.  And he speaks with a
coherence and intelligence that
people who are getting involved in these
fentanillo moments don't have.  In fact, in the
next clip he puts on a song and says,
"Damn, this [ __ ] gives me anxiety
playing this [ __ ], but I want to
play it. It's powerful, it's like rock.
This part gives me anxiety, maybe a
little uncomfortable, but oh well.
[Music]
Damn, this [ __ ] gives me
anxiety playing this [ __ ], but I want to
play.
[Music]
And then he starts doing weird things again
and everything, analyzing the song that
[Music] is
producing. But of course, if you make a
compilation of moments where it
seems like he's in a trance, well, it does
come off a little weird, right? And surely
the people who have seen this
compilation of clips and haven't seen the
live or other moments of the live,
well, obviously they would have thought that
he was completely drugged. In fact,
I'll search on Google and well, I'm not
going to lie to you, there's no news and
that's weird, huh? Or at least I don't
get any news, maybe
I'm searching wrong, but what
I do get are people on ready
criticizing him.  I'm freaking out that
everyone is blindly supporting him.  Something is
clearly wrong.  He has admitted to using
drugs in the past and as someone who has
been around addicts, he is 100% messed up
and high on something.  Coming from
someone who has a recovering addict relative
in their 20s, this
sounds a lot like
meth use.  My relative was posting
weird videos all over his stories
acting very similar to how
Justin did in this live.  It's super
sad and scary.  I hope you can
get the help you need.  And
another says, "As someone with a
meth addict in the family, this is
spot on. As someone who gets
high on weed all the time, this
isn't weed at all. When are we fans going to
admit something's wrong?"   It's
definitely not right and
everyone is brushing it off as
just weed or
psychedelics.  I have a family member and a
friend who are addicts and this is
very similar to the behavior with harder drugs
, i.e. methamphetamine.  Well
family, I really have to be
honest with you, okay?  I'm not an
expert either, there are many occasions
where we've seen celebrities being
very shameless, right?  Remember
Levinch's face, don't you?  Those images in
which I was completely sunk.
But I'm telling you about this one, there are
times when he puts on a face, but
it seems like he's just being a fool
on a stream.  You tell me
what you think.  In fact, there are even
times when it seems like it's being recorded
directly into your eyes, and
I don't see anything strange about them either.  I'm
seeing people in the comments
saying that he has pupils like this, that he
has pupils like that, and I really don't
see it.  Tell me, where is the drug that I ca
n't see?  Where is the p?  Where
are they?  Where are my colleagues?  Where
are they that I can't see them?  Where are they that I ca
n't see them?
[Music]
After this live, Justin, who I
understand will have been aware of
the speculation, has been posting
some things on his Instagram account.
For example, these stories where you take
a photo on a red carpet and your
producer leaves you a comment
saying, "We'll see you again on a
red carpet," anticipating your return.   He
then recorded himself listening to and singing a
jazz song.
[Music]
[Applause] He
also played this song about
a beautiful woman who leads someone down
a better path and puts his wife in the
background.  I think the
interpretation here is very simple, right?  I
think the message here is very clear.
And then a Bob Marley song with weed
in the background.  Basically I put this picture,
right?  What looks like smoking weed.
We're tired of your shitty game.
Die and go to heaven in the name of Jesus.
Look, it could be something random, right?   I'm
also telling you, this hint
could go to Selena Gomez, screw it, you
never know, okay?  Bom Marle was
referring to the Devil
[Music]
directly.  I think he posted this story
to tell people,
"Listen, I smoked a few joints. I
smoked a few joints and stopped freaking out.
I smoked four joints."  He also posted
the viral clip of Tiny singing his
song, well, singing and dancing to his
song Baby at a festival.  He had
already posted this clip in 2020 and
now he has reposted it.  Well, I do
n't know if he remembers having
posted it before or not, but I
understand that this is because Tiny's fan
spams him all the time and he,
well, after 4 years, has put it back
in his stories for whatever
reason, right?  Because she came across
the video and liked it.  The
Argentine singer's fans went crazy when they
saw this and have made it go viral again
on Twitter.  Then he posted
these random bird things, it could have
some meaning, but I don't get it.
If there's anyone here who's
smarter than me, please let me know in
the comments.  And now for the story that
is most important to me, and yet
the one that is being mentioned the least on social media,
not to mention anything because I don't think
anyone has caught on.  It's a picture
of a kid who looks like Justin Bieber or
at least has hair like him.  He's
kind of making a gesture like he
's smoking, isn't he?  That he's smoking
a joint.  A murky face with those little eyes
looking suspicious, right?   Be
careful what's going on here.  A black man
wearing a hat dancing while a
kitten licks the screen.  For me the
black man with the white hat
would be Pididi.  And you'll say, "What a
mess, huh, Javi? Do you want to get
Pididi in?"  And it's like, "No,
calm down."  If you listen to the song in the
background, it's a Lil B song, House of
my Dick, which means [ __ ] on my
dick.  And the lyrics of what he's talking about, which we'll
be putting here on the screen,
okay?  I'm not going to sing it, as
you might understand, but it could be something that
Justin experienced at some point in his
life.  The curious thing about this song is that
there is a YouTuber, Andy Milonakis, this is
a guy who rose to fame basically
for rap improvisations on YouTube and he
appears in the song saying [ __ ]
daddy basically a song that is
very related to Didy.  Also Lil B,
if I'm not mistaken, has collaborated with him
on many occasions.  Justin knows this
song perfectly, doesn't he?  He played it
in the background, do you know who Lil Be is?  He
purposely put on a song where he
knows they say [ __ ] did.  So
personally, the conclusion I think I
draw from this is taking into account that
we've already talked about this on other occasions,
right?  Singers, artists are
many who use their art to
express themselves.  I think on the next
album, on the next comeback, right?  In the
upcoming return, very soon, I believe,
of Justin Bieber, we're going to have Justin
throwing machine guns at everyone.  Do you
remember the one that doesn't?  With the pizza thing.
Well, I think there will be
a few hints for everyone at Kiskin, okay?  For
everyone, for everyone who has this in their
chest.  You already know Pididi's story. You
have many videos on the channel. He's one
of the most famous rappers in the world
who is currently embroiled in a
terrible controversy. Right now, in
fact, he's in jail.  Last year I
spent almost the entire year covering that
news, so you have a series
on the channel where you can get
all the information.  Rape,
human trafficking, a lot of very
strong accusations.  We have the trial in just over
a month, by the way.  And Justin is very
involved with that guy's business,
I mean, he's had a lot of contact with him, and there's
a lot of talk.  I'm not going to go
into this video because it's not the video,
but you have the whole series on the channel.
The thing is, I haven't
told you anything about Didi in a while, but
a few things have dropped in demand.  In
fact, I think I did make a video of some of the cases
that did fall through.
There was one, in fact, that was sticking out a little bit
from the ass, I don't know if you remember that we
were talking, right?  That she was like
a witness, that she was like a person
who wished she had been at the parties, had been
raped, but wanted to
report it anonymously.  Nobody
recognized her.  Didi couldn't defend himself
because he didn't know who the person was who
wanted to report him.  I think that
taking advantage of the fact that there were many things that
were true, many accusations that were
true, climbers began to emerge
trying to get on the case.  Anyway,
well, we'll talk about this in more
detail, okay?, in the next
videos. I'm sure there'll be
a good look at the topic soon. But
basically, some of the lawsuits
filed against this man have been
dismissed because there was no
reason to substantiate them.  Judge dismisses
charges against Didi, unexpected twist in
sexual assault lawsuit.  The
original lawsuit filed in February 2024
contained serious allegations, including
non-consensual touching and possible
drug-induced rape.  Jones
alleged a year of abuse and manipulation,
including alleged
illicit activities involving Coms
Global, Didim's company, that
allegedly violated the law
protecting victims of human trafficking.  This
last charge was also dismissed.
The charges from the FBI are the
serious ones, aren't they?  Who has the trial
in less than a month.  And the
charges the FBI is making against him do
stand.  Come on, they're actually
the ones keeping him in
jail.  And going back to Justin, I'm
surprised that people have moved on from
this story because I don't know, it's like they
haven't linked it to Didi, no one
has said anything.  Maybe no one is
as sick and twisted as
we are, right?  We tried to find the
meaning and I think we found it.  I
mean, what the [ __ ], right?  He has played
a song in the background that directly
mentions Dadi, and with the tone in which
he is mentioned, I think Justin is going to
explode. I mean, you should realize that
he has already released a song where he has
denounced this type of situation.  I
think Justin is going to explode.  You've
continued with your life posting things,
okay?  She has posted photos with her baby, she
also posts a photo of her eyes.
This is directly because people
were saying what I told you
before, right?  That if he was drugged, that
if his pupils were like that, like that.  But another
thing that seemed
most significant to me, eh, with a
very clear and very direct message, was the
photographs with his wife, Hailey Bieber.   You
already know that Hailey is receiving
brutal harassment from
Selena fans, that documentary that suddenly went
viral out of nowhere, which we already
denied in previous videos, where they
accused her of being obsessed with
Selena, right?  It was like she wanted to steal her
identity as Selena.  Well, apart
from publishing photographs of his wife, he
has done so with this mosaic with a
song in the background called She Fine.
She's Fine.  She's fine.  I'll
tell you in Spanish and that way you'll understand me better.
Come on, it's great that the
Serena Gomez issue hasn't affected them at all.
And so, here he put some
combs that I understand to mean you're
eating my gig a bit.  I'm also
taking advantage of this video to share this with you,
right?  And Hailey has taken advantage and
clarified in a TikTok comment that they
were speculating about the issue that she had
unfollowed Justin and so on,
that it is an Instagram glitch,
okay?  Here she clarifies it and says,
"Well, I hope this helps."   I
understand that he's telling the truth
because it also happens that
Justin's account was deactivated for a
moment, so, well, everything's okay.  And
finally, Justin posted this
little face, right?  I mean, I'm
seeing it as okay, this little face and a
selfie.  I'm seeing Justin as very
active on social media lately
, I think even more so than ever
.  You tell me
what you think, if it's just my impressions,
but I have a feeling that he'll be
very active again very soon
.  I mean, I think she's going to enjoy
this time, right? With the baby.  you're going to
enjoy it like this.  You know that these years are
not, that they seem too short,
too short, but he is composing
in all this time and everything that he is doing
without any hurry, right?  And without any
date, because I think he's composing
music with very profound lyrics and with
lyrics that are telling us many
things about himself and about everything he's been
feeling lately.  Hey, what do you want me to
tell you?  My art is
YouTube videos.  A stone is less.  I'll be
reading you in the comments box.
I hope to see you in the next few hours in
another video.  Subscribe, share, and
all that stuff.  A kiss, family.
I love you so much.  Hello.  Hello.